hi everybody this larry huppin Brainerd
Minnesota a little update on my back to
Eden raised bed rhubarb and asparagus
patches this rhubarb has gone absolutely
totally crazy
I had tiny little shoots that I got from
a lady when I planted this and then I
put the woodchips down
they were woodchips there were a couple
years old I got from a guy that had them
and and you're not even supposed I guess
harvest the stalks the first year but I
got such big beautiful stalks I
harvested off just the big ones and I
thought okay let's let it go and man has
just come back with a vengeance I mean
it's growing like crazy again so I won't
harvest anymore but Wow
as it took up you know I'm I'm thinking
about next year maybe taking all mine
and transplanting them into these back
to eat and raised bed for the rhubarb
that way you can control it you know I
worry about them spreading and Wow you
can mean you can see the difference look
at these over here these over here I dug
a trench and I fill a little compost and
put them in but look at the difference
between that raised bed the compost and
these I mean these will do okay next
year these were little shoots and
they're coming back I got to weed them
out but you know what I'm thinking about
doing I'm thinking about just digging
these up I don't know if I can do it in
the fall yet I'm just gonna the
grasshoppers got that from home but I
had to put a little 7 on it but
they're doing okay but nothing like oh
man nothing my DS I'm just gonna put
raised beds there I think I'm just gonna
dig them up put raised beds and put air
all my rhubarb into the raised beds
because they just go nuts and like I
said I have very very few weeds at all I
mean look I hardly know weeds whatsoever
a couple here and there enough they pull
right out it is - love it
but these rhubarb holy moly and then
over here this is gone nuts this is my
back to Eden asparagus and Jesus this
first year - it's just it just gone
crazy in here it's a manatee it just
really like I'm very I have watered
these maybe twice all year summer long
and we've had some pretty warm days 95
coastal hunters a lot of 90s 80 high 80s
and man it just it really holds the
moisture anyway that's the back Eden
rhubarb and asparagus patches they're
sure looking good I'm sold on it it's
Larry I'm better Minnesota cow